Add FreeCodeCompiler.com IDE (#125)
styfle/awesome-online-ide: README.md

- [myCompiler.io](https://www.mycompiler.io) - Run snippets from over 12 languages including C, C++, Java, Python, Ruby, Nodejs and more with auto code-completion, syntax highlighting, collaboration features like forking, commenting and sharing of code snippets.
- [.NET Fiddle](https://dotnetfiddle.net) - Run C#, F# and VB.net snippets with NuGet Packages.
- [Scastie](https://scastie.scala-lang.org) [<img title="Open Source" width="16" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@1.2.7/icons/github.svg" />](https://github.com/scalacenter/scastie) - Run Scala snippets with support of choosing different Scala versions, using any public library, configuring SBT settings, sharing a code snippet, embedding it into your website, etc.

> - [FreeCodeCompiler.com](https://www.freecodecompiler.com) - Run snippets from over 19 languages including C, C++, Javascript, Java, Python, Go and more with syntax highlighting. Programming language guides with integrated code editor to run snippets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Free Code Compiler](https://www.freecodecompiler.com) - Run snippets from over 19 languages including C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Swift, Lua, and more with syntax highlighting, stdin, and recent snippets.
```
